all the way from the sea please help me
welcome here please everybody hey guys
good yeah this time Hakuna Matata thanks
guys for hanging in it be dr. King
birthday yeah living the dream in the
basement surrounded by white people I
feel like I'm on sale the two black
people trying to sell me a 55 yam Africa
too if you can hear some accent you you
hurt my boy I went first sooo yeah we'll
see what they were I can't remember his
name will get that's my boy there is
always weird like like I'm kind of
getting tired like when you meet someone
named indelicate were you from from
Africa Tanzania oh my family you know
fuck I wanna introduce me to another
Africa like I don't want to meet them up
fucker like
I did this month in when i came to
america i used to have also an African
name is spelled like k h a poster of a
summons beat this there's a click about
their vows like it's time to change I
remember like I was at the club one time
I'm dancing right I'm dancing you know
this i'll do it like I just do to step I
don't do too much right I don't do too
much I don't want to like you know and
then the African come up you're like how
did he get this be in a club like I
remember dancing in the club with this
girl like just dancing and she's like
what's your name and you don't girls
like they always do that dance like they
you know what the booty shit right and I
don't enjoy it I she like not every guy
like the booty like I like to face your
expression right smile like especially
when you the royal teeth and so he
dancing she's like what's your name you
know like my name is hot where you going
come back my last name is Stephen soon
she kept going fuck this bitch cancer I
don't know how to take rejection I was
pissed off today like you know trying to
take some money out of the age here you
guys you know how like it think of a
better they can put like lesser you have
like some money to bank and get cash and
you put an ATM and the cash is available
right there but you guys see that
feature yeah yeah bank of america i have
that same feature the problem is you
can't take anything less than 20 down
right I'm not ATM pissed off I'm like
dude all I need is five dollar I know I
have $13 buck up yeah what Brooks what
i'm now broke until dinamarca five I'm
traveling I was in Detroit anybody up in
to define who Detroit is pull fuck i
know poor laws i'm from Africa like it
should fucking poor yeah I landed at the
airport and I took like a doors over the
tracks it for a few seconds and i got
was oh shit i'm back in Africa like
Detroit so poor like Africans are
throwing benefit concert for them
they're like an okay guy we are they
were thanks guys that's what I said
ladies everybody that Amir ladies $13 in
his account he single